= Where is Io -- Astronomy in your pocket

== Description

Where is Io is an Android application that calculates many of the
ephemeris (positions of the planets / moons) for the Solar System.  It
originally focussed on the moons of Jupiter, but since has branched
out to support rise and set for the planets, and more is coming.

For the moons of Jupiter it numerically calculates the positions of
all the moons as well the Earth and Jupiter, does the projection from
Earth's perspective, and pulls it all together in a familiar spiral
graph.

This is available in the Android Market if you search for "Where is
Io".

More information on the project can be found at http://dague.net/where-is-io

== Building

The source tree is an eclipse project, and should be buildable in
eclipse with the following caveat:

For my convenience I added an ndk builder for the .c code.  The ndk
build environment doesn't mix super cleanly with eclipse, so if you
want to build this yourself you'll need to mess with 
.externalToolBuilders/JNI Builder.launch

== Authors

Where is Io was created by Sean Dague and includes contributions from
Keith McGerald.

== License

The code for the code Android application is under GPLv3.  The
application includes 2 additional sources of code.

The main simulator is the work of Johannes Gajdosik as found in the
Stellarium source tree.  Those files are provided under the revised
BSD license that they are licensed under.  I did a jni wrapper on this
code for the application.

There is also an included SunriseSunset.java which is provided by John
Tauxe as public domain:
http://www.neptuneandco.com/~jtauxe/bits/index.html.  This code isn't
actually currently used, and may be removed in a future version.

